thefivedimension
Techcure@123



//Sar Pass Trek
Sar Pass is located in Himachal PradeshSar PassSar Pass
Elevation	4,220 m (13,850 ft)
The Sar Pass is in Parvati Valley of Kullu district of Himachal Pradesh, a state of India.Sar Pass is a perfect trek for beginners. 
It’s apt for those who want to experience all kinds of terrain. Forests, meadows, quaint villages, 
or snow-covered mountains, this trail offers a gamut of experiences to trekkers. While trekking, across the path from Tila Lotni to Biskeri Ridge, 
one has to pass by a small,  frozen lake .the real joy of the trek is the 100ft long snow slides.

//Hampta Pass & Chandrataal
Hampta Pass Trek with Chandratal is one such trek that is ideal for beginners and experts alike, and offers breathtaking views of the Himalayan vistas, 
from valleys, mountains to meadows and waterfalls.This easy to moderate trek starts from Base Camp of Himachal Pradesh.

We can add Days What we will do on that days
https://www.adventurenation.com/trip/hampta-pass-trek-with-chandratal
Hampta Pass is an unusual, special pass. It climbs out of lush green valleys of Kullu to a perpendicular overhang, high in the mountains. 
The overhang you stand on is almost like a balcony view to a different world below : the deserts of Lahaul. 
From the pass, you see the Lahaul valley in one wide panoramic sweep.Hampta Pass is an unusual, special pass. 
It climbs out of lush green valleys of Kullu to a perpendicular overhang, high in the mountains. 
The overhang you stand on is almost like a balcony view to a different world below : the deserts of Lahaul.
From the pass, you see the Lahaul valley in one wide panoramic sweep.

//Chandrakhani Pass Trek
Chandrakhani Pass is one of the most recommended trek for a beginner in Himalayas.
Located at an elevation of around 3,660m, the Chandrakhani Pass makes it for an astounding trek experience in the Kullu Valley of Himachal Pradesh.
Originating from the scenic Naggar settlement, which is located around 21km from Manali, 
the trail that leads to the pass is known for its enchanting beauty and appeal.
The place is famous for its religious importance too as it was one of the seat of meditation for Saptarishi Jamdagini. 
The trek offers panoramic view of all the famous peaks of Manali valley at once.

//Bhrigu Lake Trek
Trekking to high altitude glacial Lakes in itself is quite adventurous and manages to catch the interest of every hiker.
Bhrigu Lake is located at an elevation of around 4,300 metres (14,100 ft) in Kullu district, Himachal Pradesh, India.
It is located to the east of the Rohtang Pass and is around 14 kilometres from Gulaba village.The lake can be reached by trek from Gulaba village.


//Patalsu Peak Trek
Patalsu peak is one of the most famous peak in Manali valley which even beginners can attempt. 
The trek starts from the famous Solang Valley. 
The level of trek is moderate as it involves a steep ascend from Solang valley. 
However its worth because of the mesmerising views one gets from the top.
Trip gradient: Moderately Challenging
Max Altitude: 4100m
Trip Begins: Manali
Trip Ends: Manali


//Snow Trek in Manali
the winter fills the dense forests with white furry snow, Invincible looks high towards snow clad mountains and leads warm blood and ignited minds for
exploring the area in a unique way with heritage touch.Snow capped peaks, the Beas River and thick pine wood trees around Manali, makes it best destination
for a vacation in Himachal Pradesh during winters.The entire Manali Valley looks beautiful during the winters – pure white beauty! The wisest way to observe,
learn and explore with an Eco-friendly way of travelling is trekking.





//We can full detail on new page of different trek
https://renokadventures.com/22-best-manali-trek/
